Cookie updated by NetworkToCode Cookie Drift Manager Tool (#283)
nautobot/nautobot-app-circuit-maintenance: docs/admin/install.md

## Install Guide

!!! note

>     Apps can be installed manually or using Python's `pip`. See the [nautobot documentation](https://nautobot.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/#install-the-package) for more details. The pip package name for this app is [`nautobot-circuit-maintenance`](https://pypi.org/project/nautobot-circuit-maintenance/).

Reviewer: We need to revert the URL in the cookie
```suggestion
    Apps can be installed manually or using Python's `pip`. See the [nautobot documentation](https://docs.nautobot.com/projects/core/en/stable/plugins/#install-the-package) for more details. The pip package name for this app is [`nautobot-circuit-maintenance`](https://pypi.org/project/nautobot-circuit-maintenance/).
```
